NEXT_STEPS.md, before:

# Next Steps - Getting Started

## ✅ What's Been Completed

All infrastructure is now in place:

- ✅ Repo organization and audit complete (Phase 0 + Tracks A–G + Synthesis). See [docs/status/CONSOLIDATION_LOG.md](docs/status/CONSOLIDATION_LOG.md).
- ✅ Scripts, config, data, workflows, assets, and codebase documented; main-only workflows; root .png moved to assets/brand.
- ✅ Complete automation scripts; [scripts/README.md](scripts/README.md) for index. Product management, manufacturing, monitoring, GitHub Actions, testing framework.

**Prioritized next steps** (guru expert analysis): [docs/status/NEXT_BEST_STEPS_20260131.md](docs/status/NEXT_BEST_STEPS_20260131.md) — runbook checks, credentials, branch hygiene, launch checklist, optional technical follow-up.

## 🚀 Immediate Next Steps

### 1. Set Up Environment Variables

Create your local environment file:

```powershell
# Copy the example file
Copy-Item .env.example .env.local

# Edit .env.local with your actual credentials
notepad .env.local
```

**Required Values**:

- `SHOPIFY_API_KEY`: your Shopify app client ID
- `SHOPIFY_API_SECRET`: your Shopify app secret
- `SHOPIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN`: Get from Shopify Admin > Apps > Development > Custom apps
- `GITHUB_TOKEN`: Your GitHub Personal Access Token

### 2. Push to GitHub

```powershell
# Push the committed changes
git push origin main

# If this is the first push, you may need to set upstream:
# git push -u origin main
```

### 3. Test Shopify Connection

Once `.env.local` is configured:

```powershell
# Test the connection
.\scripts\shopify\test-connection.ps1
```

This will verify:

- ✅ Shopify API connectivity
- ✅ Store information retrieval
- ✅ Products API access
- ✅ Themes API access

### 4. Install Shopify CLI (if not already installed)

```powershell
npm install -g @shopify/cli @shopify/theme

# Authenticate
shopify auth login

# Link to your store
shopify theme dev --store=aodrop.com
```

## 📋 Development Workflow

### Product Management

**Create a product locally**:

1. Copy `data/products/example-hoodie.json` to a new file
2. Edit with your product details
3. Import to Shopify:
   ```powershell
   .\scripts\products\sync.ps1 -Direction import
   ```

**Export products from Shopify**:

```powershell
.\scripts\products\export.ps1
```

### Manufacturing Workflow

**Track a sample request**:

```powershell
.\scripts\manufacturing\track-samples.ps1 -Action add `
    -Manufacturer "Manufacturer Name" `
    -ProductType "Hoodie" `
    -ExpectedDelivery "2026-02-15"
```

**List all samples**:

```powershell
.\scripts\manufacturing\track-samples.ps1 -Action list
```

**Evaluate a sample**:

```powershell
.\scripts\manufacturing\track-samples.ps1 -Action evaluate `
    -SampleId "sample-guid" `
    -Evaluation @{
        rating = 8
        notes = "Excellent quality"
        quality_score = 9
        price_score = 7
        delivery_score = 8
        recommended = $true
    }
```

### Monitoring

**Check system performance**:

```powershell
.\scripts\monitoring\performance-check.ps1
```

**Update dependencies**:

```powershell
.\scripts\maintenance\update-dependencies.ps1
```

**Security scan**:

```powershell
.\scripts\maintenance\security-scan.ps1
```

## 🎯 Your First Tasks

### 1. Merch Design Application

Apply your branding to hoodie designs:

- Use the logo catalog in the root directory
- Create design mockups
- Save designs to `assets/designs/` (create if needed)
- Reference designs when creating product data

### 2. Manufacturer Research

Start researching manufacturers:

- Use `data/manufacturers/` to track research
- Create manufacturer profiles (use `example-manufacturer.json` as template)
- Contact manufacturers for samples
- Use sample tracking script to manage requests

### 3. Product Setup

When designs are ready:

1. Create product JSON files in `data/products/`
2. Use `example-hoodie.json` as template
3. Import to Shopify when ready

## 📚 Documentation Reference

- **Quick Start**: `docs/guides/quick-start.md`
- **Shopify Setup**: `docs/SHOPIFY_SETUP.md`
- **Manufacturing**: `docs/MANUFACTURING.md`
- **Project Management**: `docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md`
- **Monitoring**: `docs/MONITORING.md`

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### Shopify Connection Issues

If `test-connection.ps1` fails:

1. Verify `.env.local` has correct values
2. Check Shopify Admin > Apps > Development for API access
3. Ensure Admin API scopes are enabled:
   - `read_products`
   - `write_products`
   - `read_themes`
   - `write_themes`

### GitHub Push Issues

If `git push` fails:

1. Check GitHub authentication: `git config --list | grep credential`
2. Verify remote URL: `git remote -v`
3. May need to create Personal Access Token in GitHub Settings

### Script Execution Issues

If scripts fail:

1. Check PowerShell execution policy: `Get-ExecutionPolicy`
2. If restricted, run: `Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser`
3. Verify Node.js is installed: `node --version`

## 📝 Important Notes

- **Never commit `.env.local`** - it's in `.gitignore`
- **Shopify App URL** in `config/shopify/.shopify-cli.yml` is currently `https://example.com` - update when you have the actual app URL
- **Sample data** is stored in `data/samples/samples.json` (auto-managed)
- **Performance reports** saved to `docs/status/performance-report.json`

## ✅ Verification Checklist

Before starting development work:

- [ ] `.env.local` created and configured
- [ ] Shopify connection test passes
- [ ] GitHub push successful
- [ ] Shopify CLI installed and authenticated
- [ ] All scripts executable
- [ ] Documentation reviewed

## 🎉 You're Ready!

Everything is set up and ready for development. Start with:

1. Setting up your environment variables
2. Testing the Shopify connection
3. Beginning merch design work
4. Researching manufacturers

Good luck with the Against The Odds launch! 🚀

Commit message:

docs: finalization audit — fix broken plan refs, agent entry, asset paths
- FINALIZATION_AUDIT_20260131.md: guru audit of unfinished work and fixes
- Broken refs: cursor-github-shopify / expert_team plans → .cursor/plans/README.md and .cursor/rules, docs/security (AGENT_WORKFLOW, IF_HANDOFF, SHOPIFY_CURSOR_USAGE_GUIDE, SECURITY_AUDIT, HANDOFF_PROMPT, PLAN_HANDOFF)
- PLAN_AGENT_ENTRY: if Phase 0 already signed off, skip to NEXT_BEST_STEPS and decision tree
- NEXT_STEPS: logo catalog → assets/brand; MANUFACTURING: logo path; NEXT_BEST_STEPS: Tier 4 items 11–12 done
- docs/README: PROJECT_MANAGEMENT; OPERATOR_RUNBOOK: run-runbook.ps1; INDEX_REPORTS, VERSION_UPDATE_TABLE, CHANGELOG

NEXT_STEPS.md, after:

# Next Steps - Getting Started

## ✅ What's Been Completed

All infrastructure is now in place:

- ✅ Repo organization and audit complete (Phase 0 + Tracks A–G + Synthesis). See [docs/status/CONSOLIDATION_LOG.md](docs/status/CONSOLIDATION_LOG.md).
- ✅ Scripts, config, data, workflows, assets, and codebase documented; main-only workflows; root .png moved to assets/brand.
- ✅ Complete automation scripts; [scripts/README.md](scripts/README.md) for index. Product management, manufacturing, monitoring, GitHub Actions, testing framework.

**Prioritized next steps** (guru expert analysis): [docs/status/NEXT_BEST_STEPS_20260131.md](docs/status/NEXT_BEST_STEPS_20260131.md) — runbook checks, credentials, branch hygiene, launch checklist, optional technical follow-up.

## 🚀 Immediate Next Steps

### 1. Set Up Environment Variables

Create your local environment file:

```powershell
# Copy the example file
Copy-Item .env.example .env.local

# Edit .env.local with your actual credentials
notepad .env.local
```

**Required Values**:

- `SHOPIFY_API_KEY`: your Shopify app client ID
- `SHOPIFY_API_SECRET`: your Shopify app secret
- `SHOPIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN`: Get from Shopify Admin > Apps > Development > Custom apps
- `GITHUB_TOKEN`: Your GitHub Personal Access Token

### 2. Push to GitHub

```powershell
# Push the committed changes
git push origin main

# If this is the first push, you may need to set upstream:
# git push -u origin main
```

### 3. Test Shopify Connection

Once `.env.local` is configured:

```powershell
# Test the connection
.\scripts\shopify\test-connection.ps1
```

This will verify:

- ✅ Shopify API connectivity
- ✅ Store information retrieval
- ✅ Products API access
- ✅ Themes API access

### 4. Install Shopify CLI (if not already installed)

```powershell
npm install -g @shopify/cli @shopify/theme

# Authenticate
shopify auth login

# Link to your store
shopify theme dev --store=aodrop.com
```

## 📋 Development Workflow

### Product Management

**Create a product locally**:

1. Copy `data/products/example-hoodie.json` to a new file
2. Edit with your product details
3. Import to Shopify:
   ```powershell
   .\scripts\products\sync.ps1 -Direction import
   ```

**Export products from Shopify**:

```powershell
.\scripts\products\export.ps1
```

### Manufacturing Workflow

**Track a sample request**:

```powershell
.\scripts\manufacturing\track-samples.ps1 -Action add `
    -Manufacturer "Manufacturer Name" `
    -ProductType "Hoodie" `
    -ExpectedDelivery "2026-02-15"
```

**List all samples**:

```powershell
.\scripts\manufacturing\track-samples.ps1 -Action list
```

**Evaluate a sample**:

```powershell
.\scripts\manufacturing\track-samples.ps1 -Action evaluate `
    -SampleId "sample-guid" `
    -Evaluation @{
        rating = 8
        notes = "Excellent quality"
        quality_score = 9
        price_score = 7
        delivery_score = 8
        recommended = $true
    }
```

### Monitoring

**Check system performance**:

```powershell
.\scripts\monitoring\performance-check.ps1
```

**Update dependencies**:

```powershell
.\scripts\maintenance\update-dependencies.ps1
```

**Security scan**:

```powershell
.\scripts\maintenance\security-scan.ps1
```

## 🎯 Your First Tasks

### 1. Merch Design Application

Apply your branding to hoodie designs:

- Use the logo catalog in **assets/brand/** (see [assets/brand/README.md](assets/brand/README.md))
- Create design mockups
- Save designs to `assets/designs/` (create if needed) or reference `assets/brand/` for logos
- Reference designs when creating product data

### 2. Manufacturer Research

Start researching manufacturers:

- Use `data/manufacturers/` to track research
- Create manufacturer profiles (use `example-manufacturer.json` as template)
- Contact manufacturers for samples
- Use sample tracking script to manage requests

### 3. Product Setup

When designs are ready:

1. Create product JSON files in `data/products/`
2. Use `example-hoodie.json` as template
3. Import to Shopify when ready

## 📚 Documentation Reference

- **Quick Start**: `docs/guides/quick-start.md`
- **Shopify Setup**: `docs/SHOPIFY_SETUP.md`
- **Manufacturing**: `docs/MANUFACTURING.md`
- **Project Management**: `docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md`
- **Monitoring**: `docs/MONITORING.md`

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### Shopify Connection Issues

If `test-connection.ps1` fails:

1. Verify `.env.local` has correct values
2. Check Shopify Admin > Apps > Development for API access
3. Ensure Admin API scopes are enabled:
   - `read_products`
   - `write_products`
   - `read_themes`
   - `write_themes`

### GitHub Push Issues

If `git push` fails:

1. Check GitHub authentication: `git config --list | grep credential`
2. Verify remote URL: `git remote -v`
3. May need to create Personal Access Token in GitHub Settings

### Script Execution Issues

If scripts fail:

1. Check PowerShell execution policy: `Get-ExecutionPolicy`
2. If restricted, run: `Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser`
3. Verify Node.js is installed: `node --version`

## 📝 Important Notes

- **Never commit `.env.local`** - it's in `.gitignore`
- **Shopify App URL** in `config/shopify/.shopify-cli.yml` is currently `https://example.com` - update when you have the actual app URL
- **Sample data** is stored in `data/samples/samples.json` (auto-managed)
- **Performance reports** saved to `docs/status/performance-report.json`

## ✅ Verification Checklist

Before starting development work:

- [ ] `.env.local` created and configured
- [ ] Shopify connection test passes
- [ ] GitHub push successful
- [ ] Shopify CLI installed and authenticated
- [ ] All scripts executable
- [ ] Documentation reviewed

## 🎉 You're Ready!

Everything is set up and ready for development. Start with:

1. Setting up your environment variables
2. Testing the Shopify connection
3. Beginning merch design work
4. Researching manufacturers

Good luck with the Against The Odds launch! 🚀
