OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md, before:

# AO Operator Runbook

**Cursor tasks**: Run tasks (e.g. **Open pending approval**, **Shopify: Theme Dev**, **Start theme preview (new window)**) from the **repo root** so paths resolve correctly. **Seamless shortcuts** (add once via Keyboard Shortcuts JSON): **Ctrl+Alt+P** = open pending approval file; **Ctrl+Alt+T** = start theme dev (browser opens preview URL automatically). See `docs/KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md`.

## Daily Checks

- `npm run lint`
- `npm run format:check`
- `npm run test:unit`

## Integration Checks (credential-gated)

- `npm run test:integration`
- `.\scripts\shopify\test-connection.ps1`
- `.\scripts\github\verify-auth.ps1`

## Health & Quality

- `.\scripts\health\comprehensive-check.ps1`
- `.\scripts\quality\check-all.ps1`

## Sync & Reporting

- `.\scripts\sync\sync-all.ps1`
- `.\scripts\reporting\generate-status.ps1`

## Update Shopify from Cursor (recommended flow)

**Edit in Cursor → push to GitHub → store updates.** Store is connected to this repo via the Shopify GitHub App; pushing to the connected branch (usually `main`) triggers theme deployment. No `shopify theme push` needed for that flow.

- **One-time**: Pull live theme into repo: `.\scripts\shopify\theme-pull.ps1` (then commit and push).
- **Preview before commit**: Press **Ctrl+Alt+T** (after adding the keybinding once — see `docs/KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md`) or **Tasks → Run Task → Shopify: Theme Dev (preview before commit)**. The browser opens the preview URL automatically when the server is ready; you can also click the URL in the terminal or paste into **View → Simple Browser**. No commit needed to preview.
- **Daily**: Edit theme under `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme`, preview as above, then commit, push to `main`.
- **Deploy log / rollback**: After each deploy or product sync, append to [docs/status/deploy-log.md](docs/status/deploy-log.md). Rollback: theme → Shopify Admin → theme card → Actions → Reset to last commit; products → revert JSON and re-run sync.

**Agent context**: Store URL `aodrop.com`; theme source `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/`; product data `data/products/*.json`; workflow and product/theme docs: [docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md), [docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md](docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md). Theme ID in `.env.local` (SHOPIFY_THEME_ID); get via `shopify theme list` or Admin. **Store ops**: Product-with-uploads (JSON path + browser path), theme updates, deploy-log for every change — see [docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md). **Integrations**: Products via Admin API (`sync-products.ps1`; rate limits ~2 req/s); one-off/settings via user's browser (no headless). See [.cursor/context/shopify.md](.cursor/context/shopify.md).

See **[docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md](docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md)** and **[docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md)** for full steps, test connection, and product sync.

## Shopify Theme Development

- **Shopify–GitHub App**: Store is connected to this repo. Theme deploys happen when you push to the connected branch (typically `main`). Configuration: Shopify Admin → Settings → Apps and sales channels → GitHub.
- **GitHub Actions**: Theme deployment is handled by the Shopify GitHub App; `deploy.yml` and `shopify-sync.yml` are for other automation (product sync/backup use Admin API secrets if configured).
- `shopify auth login` — needed for theme pull and local dev
- `shopify theme dev --store=aodrop.com --theme=live` — local preview

## Dependency Maintenance

- `.\scripts\maintenance\update-dependencies.ps1`
- `.\scripts\maintenance\security-scan.ps1`

## Credentials

- Store in `.env.local` (never commit)
- If missing, copy from `.env.example` and fill values

## Troubleshooting

### Git connectivity issues (proxy misconfiguration)

**Symptom**: `git ls-remote` or `git push/pull` fails with "Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1 port 9"

**Cause**: User-level environment variables (`HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY`) set to `http://127.0.0.1:9` (discard proxy).

**Fix**:

1. Clear git proxy config: `git config --global http.proxy ""` and `git config --global https.proxy ""`
2. Clear User-level env vars (PowerShell as admin):
   ```powershell
   [Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('HTTP_PROXY', '', 'User')
   [Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('HTTPS_PROXY', '', 'User')
   [Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('ALL_PROXY', '', 'User')
   ```
3. Restart terminal/PowerShell session for env vars to take effect.
4. Verify: `git ls-remote --heads origin` should work.

**Note**: If proxy is intentional (corporate/VPN), configure it correctly instead of removing.

### Remaining setup (when you have values)

| Variable               | Where to get it                                                 |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `GITHUB_TOKEN`         | GitHub → Settings → Developer settings → Personal access tokens |
| `SHOPIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN` | Shopify Admin → Apps → Development → Your app → API credentials |
| `SHOPIFY_THEME_ID`     | `shopify theme list` or Theme library URL                       |
| `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` | Cloudflare Dashboard → My Profile → API Tokens                  |
| `CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID`   | Cloudflare → Your domain → Overview (right column)              |

After filling `.env.local`:

- `npm run test:integration`
- `.\scripts\shopify\test-connection.ps1`
- `.\scripts\github\verify-auth.ps1`
- `npm run test:e2e` (optional)
- `npm run test:coverage` (optional)

## Legacy/optional scripts (archived)

- **Root scripts** (one-off repo setup/sync) moved to `scripts/archive/root-scripts-legacy/`: create-and-push.ps1, create-repo.ps1, sync-repository.ps1. Use `scripts/shopify/`, `scripts/git/`, etc. for current flows. See `docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md` and `docs/status/INDEX_REPORTS.md`.

## replacements.txt (repo root)

- **Purpose**: Regex for git-filter-repo (Shopify secret replacement when sanitizing history). Do not remove if you use history sanitization; see `docs/status/blocker_resolution_commands_20260129.md` or archive for context.

## Shopify app settings (if using embedded app)

- `APP_URL` — your app’s root URL
- `PREFERENCES_URL` — preferences/settings URL
- `REDIRECT_URLS` — allowed OAuth redirect URLs (comma-separated in scripts if needed)
  See `docs/SHOPIFY_SETUP.md` for details.

Commit message:

chore: final repo organization and audit (Phase 0, Tracks A/B/E/F/G, Synthesis)
- Plan: single canonical FINAL_REPO_ORGANIZATION_AND_AUDIT.plan.md; remove legacy plans
- Workflows: main-only triggers (ci, quality-check, deploy); deploy-staging disabled
- Scripts: portable repo root (sync.ps1, security-scan.ps1, utilities.ps1, get-access-token no token echo)
- Docs: scripts/README, config/README, data/README; CONSOLIDATION_LOG, INDEX_REPORTS, VERSION_UPDATE_TABLE
- Assets: root .png moved to assets/brand; docs/screenshots policy; ROOT_FILES_INVENTORY
- Codebase: CODEBASE_AUDIT_20260131; security checklist and secret-scan exclusions
- Handoff: PLAN_AGENT_ENTRY, PLAN_HANDOFF, IF_HANDOFF point to canonical plan and README
- Fix refs to deleted plans (AGENT_WORKFLOW, SHOPIFY_CURSOR_USAGE_GUIDE, SECURITY_AUDIT, etc.)
- AGENTS.md, OPERATOR_RUNBOOK, README agent/permission and docs links

OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md, after:

# AO Operator Runbook

**Agent permission:** You have permission to perform all actions in this repo; see [AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md) or `.cursor/rules`. Existing safety rules (preview-before-apply for store changes, no secrets in commits) still apply.

**Cursor tasks**: Run tasks (e.g. **Open pending approval**, **Shopify: Theme Dev**, **Start theme preview (new window)**) from the **repo root** so paths resolve correctly. **Seamless shortcuts** (add once via Keyboard Shortcuts JSON): **Ctrl+Alt+P** = open pending approval file; **Ctrl+Alt+T** = start theme dev (browser opens preview URL automatically). See `docs/KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md`.

## Daily Checks

- `npm run lint`
- `npm run format:check`
- `npm run test:unit`

## Integration Checks (credential-gated)

- `npm run test:integration`
- `.\scripts\shopify\test-connection.ps1`
- `.\scripts\github\verify-auth.ps1`

## Health & Quality

- `.\scripts\health\comprehensive-check.ps1`
- `.\scripts\quality\check-all.ps1`

## Sync & Reporting

- `.\scripts\sync\sync-all.ps1`
- `.\scripts\reporting\generate-status.ps1`

## Update Shopify from Cursor (recommended flow)

**Edit in Cursor → push to GitHub → store updates.** Store is connected to this repo via the Shopify GitHub App; pushing to the connected branch (usually `main`) triggers theme deployment. No `shopify theme push` needed for that flow.

- **One-time**: Pull live theme into repo: `.\scripts\shopify\theme-pull.ps1` (then commit and push).
- **Preview before commit**: Press **Ctrl+Alt+T** (after adding the keybinding once — see `docs/KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md`) or **Tasks → Run Task → Shopify: Theme Dev (preview before commit)**. The browser opens the preview URL automatically when the server is ready; you can also click the URL in the terminal or paste into **View → Simple Browser**. No commit needed to preview.
- **Daily**: Edit theme under `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme`, preview as above, then commit, push to `main`.
- **Deploy log / rollback**: After each deploy or product sync, append to [docs/status/deploy-log.md](docs/status/deploy-log.md). Rollback: theme → Shopify Admin → theme card → Actions → Reset to last commit; products → revert JSON and re-run sync.

**Agent context**: Store URL `aodrop.com`; theme source `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/`; product data `data/products/*.json`; workflow and product/theme docs: [docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md), [docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md](docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md). Theme ID in `.env.local` (SHOPIFY_THEME_ID); get via `shopify theme list` or Admin. **Store ops**: Product-with-uploads (JSON path + browser path), theme updates, deploy-log for every change — see [docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md). **Integrations**: Products via Admin API (`sync-products.ps1`; rate limits ~2 req/s); one-off/settings via user's browser (no headless). See [.cursor/context/shopify.md](.cursor/context/shopify.md).

See **[docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md](docs/UPDATE_SHOPIFY_FROM_CURSOR.md)** and **[docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md)** for full steps, test connection, and product sync.

## Shopify Theme Development

- **Shopify–GitHub App**: Store is connected to this repo. Theme deploys happen when you push to the connected branch (typically `main`). Configuration: Shopify Admin → Settings → Apps and sales channels → GitHub.
- **GitHub Actions**: Theme deployment is handled by the Shopify GitHub App; `deploy.yml` and `shopify-sync.yml` are for other automation (product sync/backup use Admin API secrets if configured).
- `shopify auth login` — needed for theme pull and local dev
- `shopify theme dev --store=aodrop.com --theme=live` — local preview

## Dependency Maintenance

- `.\scripts\maintenance\update-dependencies.ps1`
- `.\scripts\maintenance\security-scan.ps1`

## Credentials

- Store in `.env.local` (never commit)
- If missing, copy from `.env.example` and fill values
- **replacements.txt** at repo root: regex for git-filter-repo (Shopify secret replacement in history); do not remove if using history sanitization.

## Troubleshooting

### Git connectivity issues (proxy misconfiguration)

**Symptom**: `git ls-remote` or `git push/pull` fails with "Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1 port 9"

**Cause**: User-level environment variables (`HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY`) set to `http://127.0.0.1:9` (discard proxy).

**Fix**:

1. Clear git proxy config: `git config --global http.proxy ""` and `git config --global https.proxy ""`
2. Clear User-level env vars (PowerShell as admin):
   ```powershell
   [Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('HTTP_PROXY', '', 'User')
   [Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('HTTPS_PROXY', '', 'User')
   [Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('ALL_PROXY', '', 'User')
   ```
3. Restart terminal/PowerShell session for env vars to take effect.
4. Verify: `git ls-remote --heads origin` should work.

**Note**: If proxy is intentional (corporate/VPN), configure it correctly instead of removing.

### Remaining setup (when you have values)

| Variable               | Where to get it                                                 |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `GITHUB_TOKEN`         | GitHub → Settings → Developer settings → Personal access tokens |
| `SHOPIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN` | Shopify Admin → Apps → Development → Your app → API credentials |
| `SHOPIFY_THEME_ID`     | `shopify theme list` or Theme library URL                       |
| `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` | Cloudflare Dashboard → My Profile → API Tokens                  |
| `CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID`   | Cloudflare → Your domain → Overview (right column)              |

After filling `.env.local`:

- `npm run test:integration`
- `.\scripts\shopify\test-connection.ps1`
- `.\scripts\github\verify-auth.ps1`
- `npm run test:e2e` (optional)
- `npm run test:coverage` (optional)

## Legacy/optional scripts (archived)

- **Root scripts** (one-off repo setup/sync) moved to `scripts/archive/root-scripts-legacy/`: create-and-push.ps1, create-repo.ps1, sync-repository.ps1. Use `scripts/shopify/`, `scripts/git/`, etc. for current flows. See `docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md` and `docs/status/INDEX_REPORTS.md`.

## replacements.txt (repo root)

- **Purpose**: Regex for git-filter-repo (Shopify secret replacement when sanitizing history). Do not remove if you use history sanitization; see `docs/status/blocker_resolution_commands_20260129.md` or archive for context.

## Shopify app settings (if using embedded app)

- `APP_URL` — your app’s root URL
- `PREFERENCES_URL` — preferences/settings URL
- `REDIRECT_URLS` — allowed OAuth redirect URLs (comma-separated in scripts if needed)
  See `docs/SHOPIFY_SETUP.md` for details.
