README.md, before:

# Against the Odds

Official Against the Odds (AO) brand website and store. This repository is the
main project workspace for the AO digital presence, brand story, and future
commerce experience.

## Project overview

- **Static preview:** `index.html` + `styles.css`
- **Shopify theme:** `shopify-theme/` (Online Store 2.0 sections)
- **Brand assets:** AO logo explorations and mark studies in the root directory
- **Next focus:** finalize the hero mark and publish storefront content

## Local preview

You can open the site directly in a browser, or run a simple static server:

```bash
python -m http.server 8080
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8080`.

## Shopify theme workflow

This repo includes a Shopify theme that mirrors the main site layout. To deploy
it automatically via GitHub Actions:

1. Create a **Theme Access** token (Shopify Admin → Apps → Theme Access).
2. Find the **Theme ID** you want to deploy to.
3. Add GitHub repository secrets:
   - `SHOPIFY_CLI_THEME_TOKEN` (Theme Access token)
   - `SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN` (your `*.myshopify.com` store domain)
   - `SHOPIFY_THEME_ID` (numeric theme ID)
4. Run the **Deploy Shopify theme** workflow or push to `main`.

The workflow is gated and will only run when all secrets are present.

## Domain status checklist

- Set the primary domain in Shopify (choose `aodrop.com` or `www.aodrop.com`).
- Keep Cloudflare DNS records pointing to Shopify as configured.
- If TLS provisioning stalls for more than 48 hours, retry domain verification
  inside Shopify.

Commit message:

Add Cloudflare DNS audit automation
Co-authored-by: legitp <legitp@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Against the Odds

Official Against the Odds (AO) brand website and store. This repository is the
main project workspace for the AO digital presence, brand story, and future
commerce experience.

## Project overview

- **Static preview:** `index.html` + `styles.css`
- **Shopify theme:** `shopify-theme/` (Online Store 2.0 sections)
- **Brand assets:** AO logo explorations and mark studies in the root directory
- **Next focus:** finalize the hero mark and publish storefront content

## Local preview

You can open the site directly in a browser, or run a simple static server:

```bash
python -m http.server 8080
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8080`.

## Shopify theme workflow

This repo includes a Shopify theme that mirrors the main site layout. To deploy
it automatically via GitHub Actions:

1. Create a **Theme Access** token (Shopify Admin → Apps → Theme Access).
2. Find the **Theme ID** you want to deploy to.
3. Add GitHub repository secrets:
   - `SHOPIFY_CLI_THEME_TOKEN` (Theme Access token)
   - `SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN` (your `*.myshopify.com` store domain)
   - `SHOPIFY_THEME_ID` (numeric theme ID)
4. Run the **Deploy Shopify theme** workflow or push to `main`.

The workflow is gated and will only run when all secrets are present.

## Cloudflare DNS audit

You can run a Cloudflare DNS audit through GitHub Actions or locally.

**GitHub secrets required:**
- `CF_API_TOKEN` (Cloudflare API token with DNS read access)
- `CF_ZONE_NAME` (optional; defaults to `aodrop.com`)

Run the **Cloudflare DNS audit** workflow to confirm:
- A record `@` → `23.227.38.65`
- CNAME `www` → `shops.myshopify.com`
- DNS-only (not proxied) status

## Domain status checklist

- Set the primary domain in Shopify (choose `aodrop.com` or `www.aodrop.com`).
- Keep Cloudflare DNS records pointing to Shopify as configured.
- If TLS provisioning stalls for more than 48 hours, retry domain verification
  inside Shopify.
