docs/guides/WORKFLOW_PIPELINE_VISUAL_GUIDE.md, before:

# Workflow & pipeline visual guide

**For you (the user)** — When you prompt a Cursor agent to change your Shopify store, theme, or any other project work, this guide shows how the system behaves and what to expect.

---

## At a glance: two paths

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  subgraph you [You]
    P[You prompt the agent]
  end
  subgraph agent [Agent]
    Q{Store-affecting?}
    PREV[Preview]
    SNAP[Snapshot to pending-approval]
    APPLY[Apply]
    LOG[Append deploy-log]
    EDIT[Edit files]
    COMMIT[Commit and push]
  end
  P --> Q
  Q -->|Theme or products| PREV
  Q -->|Docs, code, config, other| EDIT
  PREV --> SNAP
  SNAP --> YOU2[You approve in chat]
  YOU2 --> APPLY
  APPLY --> LOG
  EDIT --> COMMIT
```

- **Store-affecting** (theme, products): Agent **previews** → writes **pending-approval** → you say **"approve"** in chat → agent **applies** → agent **logs** to deploy-log.
- **Other work** (docs, scripts, code, config): Agent **edits** → **commits and pushes**. No approval step.

---

## Decision: “What did I ask for?”

```mermaid
flowchart TD
  START[You give a prompt to the agent] --> TYPE{What are you asking for?}
  TYPE -->|Theme or page changes| THEME[Theme flow]
  TYPE -->|Add/change products| PROD[Product flow]
  TYPE -->|Docs, scripts, code, config, repo tasks| OTHER[Other work]
  THEME --> PREVIEW[Agent previews: theme dev URL or diff]
  PROD --> PREVIEW2[Agent previews: sync-products.ps1 -DryRun]
  PREVIEW --> SNAP[Agent writes pending-approval.md]
  PREVIEW2 --> SNAP
  SNAP --> OPEN[Agent opens pending-approval for you]
  OPEN --> APPROVE[You reply: approve / yes / looks good]
  APPROVE --> APPLY[Agent applies and pushes]
  APPLY --> DEPLOY[Agent appends deploy-log.md]
  OTHER --> EDIT[Agent edits and commits]
  EDIT --> PUSH[Agent pushes to main]
```

---

## Store path (theme + products) — step by step

Every **store-affecting** change follows the same pattern. The agent will not push to the live store until you approve.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
  participant You
  participant Agent
  participant Repo
  participant Pending
  participant Store

  You->>Agent: "Add this product" / "Update homepage hero"
  Agent->>Repo: Edit JSON or theme files
  Agent->>Repo: Run preview (dry-run or theme dev)
  Agent->>Pending: Write summary + preview to pending-approval.md
  Agent->>You: "I've opened the pending changes. Say 'approve' when ready."
  You->>Agent: "approve"
  Agent->>Repo: Apply (sync or push)
  Agent->>Store: Changes go live (via GitHub or API)
  Agent->>Repo: Append deploy-log.md, clear pending-approval
  Agent->>You: "Done. Summary and rollback are in deploy-log."
```

| Step | What the agent does                                                                                                                                     | What you do                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| 1    | Edits `data/products/*.json` or `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/`                                                                                      | —                                             |
| 2    | Runs preview (product: `sync-products.ps1 -DryRun`; theme: theme dev URL or diff)                                                                       | —                                             |
| 3    | Writes [docs/status/pending-approval.md](../status/pending-approval.md) and runs `open-pending-approval.ps1` (and for theme: `start-theme-preview.ps1`) | Open the file / look at preview in browser    |
| 4    | Waits for your reply in chat                                                                                                                            | Reply **"approve"** (or "yes" / "looks good") |
| 5    | Applies (runs sync or pushes to main), then appends [docs/status/deploy-log.md](../status/deploy-log.md)                                                | —                                             |

**Theme preview shortcut (approved):** Press **Ctrl+Alt+T** (after adding the keybinding once — see [docs/KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md](../KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md)) to start the theme dev server; your browser opens the preview URL automatically. Run from repo root.

---

## Other work path (no store change)

For **docs, scripts, code, config, branch hygiene, or any task that does not change the live store**, the agent will:

1. Make the edits.
2. Commit and push to `main` (or the branch you’re on).

There is **no** pending-approval step or deploy-log entry unless you explicitly ask for a store change later.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  A[You prompt] --> B[Agent edits]
  B --> C[Commit and push]
  C --> D[Done]
```

---

## Where things live

| What                                         | Where                                                                                                                                                    |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Preview of what will change**              | [docs/status/pending-approval.md](../status/pending-approval.md) — agent fills this before asking you to approve                                         |
| **Theme preview shortcut**                   | **Ctrl+Alt+T** — start theme dev; browser opens preview URL (approved; add once per [KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md](../KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md)) |
| **History of store changes and rollback**    | [docs/status/deploy-log.md](../status/deploy-log.md) — agent appends after each apply                                                                    |
| **Full store workflow (agent instructions)** | [docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](../AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md)                                                                             |
| **Daily checks, credentials, theme dev**     | [OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md](../../OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md)                                                                                                         |
| **Theme source**                             | `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/`                                                                                                                       |
| **Product data (sync to store)**             | `data/products/*.json`                                                                                                                                   |
| **Scripts (sync, theme dev, runbook)**       | `scripts/` — see [scripts/README.md](../../scripts/README.md)                                                                                            |

---

## Quick reference: “I want to …”

| You want to …                         | Agent will …                                                                              | You …                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Add or change a product               | Edit JSON, run `sync-products.ps1 -DryRun`, write pending-approval, wait for you          | Say **approve** in chat after checking the preview                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Change theme / homepage / section     | Edit theme files, show theme dev URL or diff, write pending-approval, start theme preview | Say **approve** in chat after checking the preview. **Shortcut:** **Ctrl+Alt+T** starts theme dev and opens preview in browser (add keybinding once — see [KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md](../KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md)). |
| Add one product with images (one-off) | Use your browser (Shopify Admin), fill form, stop before Save                             | Say **approve** in chat, then agent or you clicks Save                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Update docs, scripts, or code         | Edit and commit/push                                                                      | No approval step; agent pushes when done                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Run daily checks or verify setup      | Run lint, format, tests, or `run-runbook.ps1`                                             | No approval step                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

---

## End-to-end pipeline (full system)

```mermaid
flowchart TB
  subgraph you [You]
    P[Prompt the agent]
    AP[Approve in chat]
  end
  subgraph cursor [Cursor / Repo]
    Agent[Agent]
    Theme[Theme: src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/]
    Data[Products: data/products/*.json]
    Pending[pending-approval.md]
    DeployLog[deploy-log.md]
  end
  subgraph github [GitHub]
    Main[main]
  end
  subgraph shopify [Shopify]
    Store[Live store aodrop.com]
  end
  P --> Agent
  Agent --> Theme
  Agent --> Data
  Agent --> Pending
  Pending --> AP
  AP --> Agent
  Agent --> Main
  Agent --> DeployLog
  Main --> Store
```

- **Theme**: Push to `main` → GitHub (and Shopify GitHub App) → store.
- **Products**: Agent runs `sync-products.ps1` (after approval) → Admin API → store.
- **Audit**: Every store change is recorded in `deploy-log.md` with rollback steps.

---

## Rollback (if something goes wrong)

| Change type  | Rollback                                                                                                                              |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Theme**    | Shopify Admin → Online Store → Themes → theme card → **Actions** → **Reset to last commit**. Or revert the commit on `main` and push. |
| **Products** | Revert the JSON file(s) in the repo and run `.\scripts\shopify\sync-products.ps1` again; or edit/delete in Shopify Admin → Products.  |

Rollback steps for each change are also written in [docs/status/deploy-log.md](../status/deploy-log.md).

---

_See also: [AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](../AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md) (agent steps), [SHOPIFY_CURSOR_USAGE_GUIDE.md](SHOPIFY_CURSOR_USAGE_GUIDE.md) (theme preview and tasks), [OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md](../../OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md) (daily ops and credentials)._

Commit message:

docs: guide — keybindings in Cursor settings, add on another machine

docs/guides/WORKFLOW_PIPELINE_VISUAL_GUIDE.md, after:

# Workflow & pipeline visual guide

**For you (the user)** — When you prompt a Cursor agent to change your Shopify store, theme, or any other project work, this guide shows how the system behaves and what to expect.

---

## At a glance: two paths

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  subgraph you [You]
    P[You prompt the agent]
  end
  subgraph agent [Agent]
    Q{Store-affecting?}
    PREV[Preview]
    SNAP[Snapshot to pending-approval]
    APPLY[Apply]
    LOG[Append deploy-log]
    EDIT[Edit files]
    COMMIT[Commit and push]
  end
  P --> Q
  Q -->|Theme or products| PREV
  Q -->|Docs, code, config, other| EDIT
  PREV --> SNAP
  SNAP --> YOU2[You approve in chat]
  YOU2 --> APPLY
  APPLY --> LOG
  EDIT --> COMMIT
```

- **Store-affecting** (theme, products): Agent **previews** → writes **pending-approval** → you say **"approve"** in chat → agent **applies** → agent **logs** to deploy-log.
- **Other work** (docs, scripts, code, config): Agent **edits** → **commits and pushes**. No approval step.

---

## Decision: “What did I ask for?”

```mermaid
flowchart TD
  START[You give a prompt to the agent] --> TYPE{What are you asking for?}
  TYPE -->|Theme or page changes| THEME[Theme flow]
  TYPE -->|Add/change products| PROD[Product flow]
  TYPE -->|Docs, scripts, code, config, repo tasks| OTHER[Other work]
  THEME --> PREVIEW[Agent previews: theme dev URL or diff]
  PROD --> PREVIEW2[Agent previews: sync-products.ps1 -DryRun]
  PREVIEW --> SNAP[Agent writes pending-approval.md]
  PREVIEW2 --> SNAP
  SNAP --> OPEN[Agent opens pending-approval for you]
  OPEN --> APPROVE[You reply: approve / yes / looks good]
  APPROVE --> APPLY[Agent applies and pushes]
  APPLY --> DEPLOY[Agent appends deploy-log.md]
  OTHER --> EDIT[Agent edits and commits]
  EDIT --> PUSH[Agent pushes to main]
```

---

## Store path (theme + products) — step by step

Every **store-affecting** change follows the same pattern. The agent will not push to the live store until you approve.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
  participant You
  participant Agent
  participant Repo
  participant Pending
  participant Store

  You->>Agent: "Add this product" / "Update homepage hero"
  Agent->>Repo: Edit JSON or theme files
  Agent->>Repo: Run preview (dry-run or theme dev)
  Agent->>Pending: Write summary + preview to pending-approval.md
  Agent->>You: "I've opened the pending changes. Say 'approve' when ready."
  You->>Agent: "approve"
  Agent->>Repo: Apply (sync or push)
  Agent->>Store: Changes go live (via GitHub or API)
  Agent->>Repo: Append deploy-log.md, clear pending-approval
  Agent->>You: "Done. Summary and rollback are in deploy-log."
```

| Step | What the agent does                                                                                                                                     | What you do                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| 1    | Edits `data/products/*.json` or `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/`                                                                                      | —                                             |
| 2    | Runs preview (product: `sync-products.ps1 -DryRun`; theme: theme dev URL or diff)                                                                       | —                                             |
| 3    | Writes [docs/status/pending-approval.md](../status/pending-approval.md) and runs `open-pending-approval.ps1` (and for theme: `start-theme-preview.ps1`) | Open the file / look at preview in browser    |
| 4    | Waits for your reply in chat                                                                                                                            | Reply **"approve"** (or "yes" / "looks good") |
| 5    | Applies (runs sync or pushes to main), then appends [docs/status/deploy-log.md](../status/deploy-log.md)                                                | —                                             |

**Theme preview shortcut (approved):** Press **Ctrl+Alt+T** to start the theme dev server; your browser opens the preview URL automatically. Keybindings are in your Cursor settings; on another machine, add once per [docs/KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md](../KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md). Run from repo root.

---

## Other work path (no store change)

For **docs, scripts, code, config, branch hygiene, or any task that does not change the live store**, the agent will:

1. Make the edits.
2. Commit and push to `main` (or the branch you’re on).

There is **no** pending-approval step or deploy-log entry unless you explicitly ask for a store change later.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  A[You prompt] --> B[Agent edits]
  B --> C[Commit and push]
  C --> D[Done]
```

---

## Where things live

| What                                         | Where                                                                                                                                                    |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Preview of what will change**              | [docs/status/pending-approval.md](../status/pending-approval.md) — agent fills this before asking you to approve                                         |
| **Theme preview shortcut**                   | **Ctrl+Alt+T** — start theme dev; browser opens preview URL (approved; in Cursor settings; see [KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md](../KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md) to add on another machine) |
| **History of store changes and rollback**    | [docs/status/deploy-log.md](../status/deploy-log.md) — agent appends after each apply                                                                    |
| **Full store workflow (agent instructions)** | [docs/AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](../AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md)                                                                             |
| **Daily checks, credentials, theme dev**     | [OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md](../../OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md)                                                                                                         |
| **Theme source**                             | `src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/`                                                                                                                       |
| **Product data (sync to store)**             | `data/products/*.json`                                                                                                                                   |
| **Scripts (sync, theme dev, runbook)**       | `scripts/` — see [scripts/README.md](../../scripts/README.md)                                                                                            |

---

## Quick reference: “I want to …”

| You want to …                         | Agent will …                                                                              | You …                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Add or change a product               | Edit JSON, run `sync-products.ps1 -DryRun`, write pending-approval, wait for you          | Say **approve** in chat after checking the preview                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Change theme / homepage / section     | Edit theme files, show theme dev URL or diff, write pending-approval, start theme preview | Say **approve** in chat after checking the preview. **Shortcut:** **Ctrl+Alt+T** starts theme dev and opens preview in browser (in Cursor settings; see [KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md](../KEYBINDING_PENDING_APPROVAL.md) to add on another machine). |
| Add one product with images (one-off) | Use your browser (Shopify Admin), fill form, stop before Save                             | Say **approve** in chat, then agent or you clicks Save                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Update docs, scripts, or code         | Edit and commit/push                                                                      | No approval step; agent pushes when done                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Run daily checks or verify setup      | Run lint, format, tests, or `run-runbook.ps1`                                             | No approval step                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

---

## End-to-end pipeline (full system)

```mermaid
flowchart TB
  subgraph you [You]
    P[Prompt the agent]
    AP[Approve in chat]
  end
  subgraph cursor [Cursor / Repo]
    Agent[Agent]
    Theme[Theme: src/shopify/themes/aodrop-theme/]
    Data[Products: data/products/*.json]
    Pending[pending-approval.md]
    DeployLog[deploy-log.md]
  end
  subgraph github [GitHub]
    Main[main]
  end
  subgraph shopify [Shopify]
    Store[Live store aodrop.com]
  end
  P --> Agent
  Agent --> Theme
  Agent --> Data
  Agent --> Pending
  Pending --> AP
  AP --> Agent
  Agent --> Main
  Agent --> DeployLog
  Main --> Store
```

- **Theme**: Push to `main` → GitHub (and Shopify GitHub App) → store.
- **Products**: Agent runs `sync-products.ps1` (after approval) → Admin API → store.
- **Audit**: Every store change is recorded in `deploy-log.md` with rollback steps.

---

## Rollback (if something goes wrong)

| Change type  | Rollback                                                                                                                              |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Theme**    | Shopify Admin → Online Store → Themes → theme card → **Actions** → **Reset to last commit**. Or revert the commit on `main` and push. |
| **Products** | Revert the JSON file(s) in the repo and run `.\scripts\shopify\sync-products.ps1` again; or edit/delete in Shopify Admin → Products.  |

Rollback steps for each change are also written in [docs/status/deploy-log.md](../status/deploy-log.md).

---

_See also: [AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md](../AGENT_WORKFLOW_CURSOR_SHOPIFY.md) (agent steps), [SHOPIFY_CURSOR_USAGE_GUIDE.md](SHOPIFY_CURSOR_USAGE_GUIDE.md) (theme preview and tasks), [OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md](../../OPERATOR_RUNBOOK.md) (daily ops and credentials)._
